README.md, before:

# Cloud Orchestrator

Cloud Orchestrator is a distribution for cloud administrators and operators.
This distribution can manage resources from cloud providers such as AWS EC2 with future support for
Kubernetes, and OpenStack coming very shortly.

Out of the box, the distribution provides management for AWS EC2, AWS VPC/Networking and granular
user permissions.

Cloud Orchestrator's core functionality is built using the [cloud_module].

## Installing Cloud Orchestrator
The recommended way to install Cloud Orchestrator is using composer.  All it takes is one command

```
composer create-project docomoinnovations/cloud_orchestrator cloud_orchestrator
```

After the composer project is created, point your web server to `cloud_orchestrator/docroot`.  Then
run the normal Drupal installer.

##  Contributing
Issues are tracked on [drupal.org][issue_queue].  Please do not submit support requests through GitHub.

[issue_queue]:  https://www.drupal.org/project/issues/cloud_orchestrator "Cloud Orchestrator Issue Queue"
[cloud_module]: https://www.drupal.org/project/cloud "Cloud module"

Known Issues
============

1. 01-31-2020 - [Issue 3110911](https://www.drupal.org/project/cloud/issues/3110911)
   Do not enable aws_cloud if a `Add Kubernetes Cloud Service Provider`
   is not completed.

   When adding a Metrics Server enabled Kubernetes cluster, the metrics
   importing operation can potentially take a long time to complete.
   During this process,  there might be database corruption if the aws_cloud
   module is enabled.

   As a workaround, enable aws_cloud when the server is idle and not processing
   a `Add Kubernetes Cloud Service Provider` operation.

Commit message:

Updating README.md and added a CloudFormation template

README.md, after:

# Cloud Orchestrator

Cloud Orchestrator is a distribution for cloud administrators and operators.
This distribution can manage resources from cloud providers such as AWS EC2, OpenStack and Kubernetes

Out of the box, the distribution provides management for AWS EC2, AWS VPC/Networking and granular
user permissions.

Cloud Orchestrator's core functionality is built using the [cloud_module](https://www.drupal.org/project/cloud).

## Installing Cloud Orchestrator
The recommended way to install Cloud Orchestrator is using composer.  All it takes is one command

```
composer create-project docomoinnovations/cloud_orchestrator cloud_orchestrator
```

After the composer project is created, point your web server to `cloud_orchestrator/docroot`.  Then
run the normal Drupal installer.

Alternatively, you can use the [AWS CloudFormation template](cfn/cloud_orchestrator_cfn.yml) to launch
the Cloud Orchestrator stack on AWS EC2.  After the stack is completed (about 20 minutes),
click on the `DrupalUrl` under the `Outputs` tab.  Follow the installation process.

##  Contributing
Issues are tracked on [drupal.org][issue_queue].  Please do not submit support requests through GitHub.

[issue_queue]:  https://www.drupal.org/project/issues/cloud_orchestrator "Cloud Orchestrator Issue Queue"
[cloud_module]: https://www.drupal.org/project/cloud "Cloud module"

Known Issues
============

1. 01-31-2020 - [Issue 3110911](https://www.drupal.org/project/cloud/issues/3110911)
   Do not enable aws_cloud if a `Add Kubernetes Cloud Service Provider`
   is not completed.

   When adding a Metrics Server enabled Kubernetes cluster, the metrics
   importing operation can potentially take a long time to complete.
   During this process,  there might be database corruption if the aws_cloud
   module is enabled.

   As a workaround, enable aws_cloud when the server is idle and not processing
   a `Add Kubernetes Cloud Service Provider` operation.
